improve installation instructions, keep dependencies in setup.cfg and enable flake8 in GHA (#36)
UCL/pyCascadia: README.md

# pyCascadia
Implementation of GEBCO cookbook remove-restore and other cleaning of topography/bathymetry. Uses `pyGMT`.

## Installation
Some dependencies of the package are a bit fiddly to install, especially on Windows.
We recommend to use a conda environment, and install the more difficult dependencies through `conda-forge`,
by running the commands below in sequence:

> 1. Clone this GitHub repository.

Reviewer: Users may not be used to github

````suggestion
1. Clone this GitHub repository.
```
git clone https://github.com/UCL/pyCascadia.git
```
````

> 1. In your local copy of the GitHub repository, create a conda environment named "cascadia" with Python 3.9 and install `pip`, `matplotlib`, `pytest`, and `xarray`.

Reviewer: To a new user, it might seem the venv name *must* be "cascadia". We also might want to emphasize that Python 3.9 probably isn't exactly necessary.

```suggestion
1. In your local copy of the GitHub repository, create a conda environment with Python 3.9 and install `pip`. This will be used to install the rest of the dependencies. Other Python versions may also work however the code is actively tested with Python 3.9.
```

```

> conda create -n cascadia python=3.9 pip matplotlib pytest xarray

Reviewer: Dependencies should be installed from `requirements.txt` to avoid duplication. This should either happen with conda `--file requirements.txt` or with pip inside the venv `pip -r requirements.txt`.

```suggestion
conda create -n cascadia python=3.9 pip
```

```

> 1. Additionally, install `pygmt`, `gdal` and `rasterio` into the "cascadia" environment via `conda-forge`.

Reviewer: Do we want to explicitly mention why these are installed in this different way?

```
conda install -n cascadia pygmt gdal rasterio -c conda-forge
```
1. Activate the "cascadia" environment
```
conda activate cascadia
```
1. Install `pyCascadia`
```

> pip install .

Reviewer: I actually think this command might install pycascadia's dependencies automatically (since they're described in `setup.py`)

```

## Usage

### Remove restore

> `pyCascadia` provides an entry point for the remove restore algorithm, which means you can call it directly from the command line as `remove-restore`, e.g.

Reviewer: I think we want to avoid jargon like "entry point". 

```suggestion
`pyCascadia` provides the remove restore algorithm as a command line tool called `remove-restore`, e.g.
```

## Installation
Some dependencies of the package are a bit fiddly to install, especially on Windows.
We recommend to use a conda environment, and install the more difficult dependencies through `conda-forge`,
by running the commands below in sequence:
1. Clone this GitHub repository.
```
git clone https://github.com/UCL/pyCascadia.git
```
2. In your local copy of the GitHub repository, create a conda environment (named "cascadia" here, but you might want to choose a different name) with Python 3.9. Other Python versions might also work, but the code is only actively tested with Python 3.9. This step also installs `pip`, which will be used to install the more straight-forward dependencies.
```
conda create -n cascadia python=3.9 pip
```
3. Additionally, install `pygmt`, `gdal` and `rasterio` into the "cascadia" environment via `conda-forge`. This step is needed because these packages are not available from the Python Package index (PyPi) (which is where `pip` looks by default) for all operating systems.
```
conda install -n cascadia pygmt gdal rasterio -c conda-forge
```
4. Activate the "cascadia" environment
```
conda activate cascadia
```

> 5. Install `pyCascadia`. This will also automatically install the remaining dependencies `matplotlib`, `pytest`, and `xarray`.

Reviewer: The dependencies are already explicitly listed in `requirements.txt` so listing them here feels like unnecessary duplication (which will become uncoupled when those dependencies change). 

```suggestion
5. Install `pyCascadia`. This will also automatically install the remaining dependencies.
```

Author: Yes, good point. My reasoning for including them here was that novice users (that don't know about `requirements.txt`) know what they're installing/need to have installed (which might help with track down causes of any installation issues encountered). Maybe the best of both worlds is to link to `requirements.txt` from here?

Reviewer: Actually, seems like good practice for packages now is listing requirements in the setup.cfg (see [pandas setup.cfg](https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/blob/6ea277f2417f4454c1762cbad472468663007f28/setup.cfg#L33)). We should probably just do that and simplify installation further.
